feat: initial CredentialSet CRD/Controller (#98)
getporter/operator: docs/content/glossary.md

[Installation]: /operator/file-formats/#installation

### CredentialSet

The [CredentialSet] custom resource represents a credential set in Porter.

[CredentialSet]: /operator/file-formats/#credentialset

> A CredentialSet supports a credential source of `secret` for Porter secrets plugins. Secrets 
> must be configured based on the secret [plugin type](/plugins). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A CredentialSet supports a credential source of `secret` for Porter secrets plugins. Secrets 
source keys may vary depending on which [secret plugin](/plugins/) you have configured. The [host secrets plugin](/plugins/host/) is not a good fit for use with the Porter Operator because environment variables, files are not a recommended way to manage secrets on a cluster. The [kubernetes.secrets plugin](https://release-v1.porter.sh/plugins/kubernetes/#secrets) can retrieve secrets from native Kubernetes secrets, and otherwise we recommend that an external secret store such as [Azure KeyVault](/plugins/azure/#secrets) or [Hashicorp Vault](/plugins/hashicorp/) are configured instead.
```
